as the witch hunt game got underway
everything was becoming chaotic
the residents of the beach guessed that
monica's best friend asahi is the witch
but usagi intervened and anne revealed
to everyone that hatter was murdered
the murder of hatter rallied the other
members of the beach against the
militants
especially once they learned that the
bullet used to kill hatter is the same
caliber as the ammo used by the
militants
once anuji arrives the militants begin
butchering everyone and tossing the
corpses into the fire to try to win the
witch hunt game
usagi attempted to find arisa and anne
tried to take a more scientific approach
by dusting the murder weapon for
fingerprints as she was a policewoman
she and kuna were confronted and stopped
by the psychotic
tattooed sword-wielding militant last
boss and kuana stood her ground while
anne escaped
elsewhere kizhiya confronted naragi on
the roof as he took sniper shots at the
fleeing crowd below
naragi had his flashback of being
bullied in school causing him to become
violent
last boss has a hard time with kuina who
a flashback revealed that she was a
transgender and left her house after a
falling out with her martial art master
father
last boss also had his flashback being a
struggling story writer who may have
died from overwork
meanwhile kaiseia burned naragi with a
homemade flamethrower
musaji manages to rescue arisu after a
lot of searching
he reasoned that the witch was being
forced to participate against her will
like the taggers earlier in episode two
as arisu
pondered what he would do if he were the
witch we got a very brief flashback of a
gunny and hatter as a gunny stared
sorrowfully into the pyre of burning
bodies
just as aerosol was speculating and
figured out the culprit but before she
could tell anyone she was knocked
unconscious
arisu declared that he knows who the
witch is
the episode ended on this cliffhanger
[Music]
you